= RightScale System DNS Cookbook

== DESCRIPTION:

This cookbook provides a set of dynamic DNS recipes used by RightScale ServerTemplates
including Database Manager ServerTemplates.

Cookbook currently supports DNSMadeEasy, DynDns, and Amazon Route53 DNS service providers.
A new chef provider can be created to add support for additional dynamic DNS service providers.

== DETAILS:

=== General
The cookbook provides a common interface for updating DNS records for the different DNS 
service providers.

For additional information:
  http://support.rightscale.com/03-Tutorials/02-AWS/02-Website_Edition/2._Deployment_Setup/4._Domain_Setup

== REQUIREMENTS:
* An account with the desired DNS service provider
* DNS A record's created external to this cookbook.

== SETUP/USAGE:

* Place sys_dns::default recipe into your runlist to setup the dynamic DNS provider resource.

  This will install the support tools and chef providers for the dynamic DNS provider selected
  by the "DNS Service Provider" input.

  When using a RightScale ServerTemplate, this will automatically add the common DNS sewrvice
  provider attributes to your ServerTemplate inputs.

* Place sys_dns::do_set_private recipe in your runlist.  This will set the DNS record identified
  by the "DNS Record ID" ServerTemplate input to the first private IP address of the instance.

== KNOWN LIMITATIONS:

* Currently only the first private IP address can be set.

== TROUBLESHOOTING

DNSMadeEasy:
“error-auth” Invalid username or password, or invalid IP syntax
“error-auth-suspend” User has had his / her account suspended. This is if I get complaints about them or if they misuse the service.
“error-auth-voided” User has had his / her account revoked. Same thing as suspended but this is permanent.
“error-record-invalid” Record does not exist in the system. / Unable to update record in system database.
“error-record-auth” User does not have access to this record.
“error-record-ip-same” IP never changed so nothing was done.
“error-system” General system error which is caught and recognized by the system.
“error” General system error unrecognized by the system.
“success” The one and only good message.

= LICENSE

Copyright RightScale, Inc. All rights reserved.  All access and use subject to the
RightScale Terms of Service available at http://www.rightscale.com/terms.php and,
if applicable, other agreements such as a RightScale Master Subscription Agreement.
